Hello, everyone.
So let's understand what is the history and what our baggage is?
These are one of the most important topics of gratuity.
Right?
So DFT will help you understand.
Harder trick to say get in a graph.
It will also help you understand how to find articulation points in bridges because after this I will
be discussing with articulation points and bridges.
So I have to explain this right.
Articulation points and bridges.
And they will also like the if history and packages these solved maximum problems from graph.
If you have a graph and I want to traverse it, I wasn't using the depth versus tree node.
So let's understand this.
It's very easy and it's.
It's it's never, ever used trade.
So it's used everywhere.
Cool.
Ever used.
Now let's.
Make a graph, a normal graph, a simple graph.
So let's see.
I have this graph.
One, two, three.
So we have already discussed what is our deposit rate.
So here is some.
Observation of the deficit so that it will help you in understanding water articulation points in bridges.
Right.
So guys, as the name suggests, the efficiency is actually obtained after performing a deficit on a
graph.
A very simple definition.
Right.
So let's perform the deficit on this graph.
Let's start from Node one.
So initially, I'm on Node one and we all know what is the deficit.
It will keep going on here that the same nodes, if the node is not visited and finally return back,
if there are no more nodes to visit made.
So from one, I will go to two.
From two.
I can go to three now, guys from three I cannot go to one bye because this is the first such date.
So we only performer the first search when the node is not visited, not visited.
So if the node is visit.
So let's see if you don't use this case that the Nord is visited, guess then what happens.
I will do what I to.
I'll go to three then again I'll go to one, then two, then three.
One, two, three, one, two, three.
And it will be like an infinite loop, right?
So I, so we always see that we will, we will will only visit a node if it is not visited already.
Right.
So then we visit every node once and the complexity of definitely means often node.
So goes will this edge that is between three and one.
Will this edge be traversed?
Will I read everything this edge to one?
No, because I'm not performing this deep.
I'm not going to one.
Right.
Because it is already registered.
So this is an edge and I'll market with red for not wanting to.
Now let's continue on to your this from I'm right now on three from three I'll come back to two.
From two I have to go to four then.
From four, I'll go to five, let's say from 5 to 6.
From six I go to seven and from seven.
I cannot go to Full Ride Bay because Fort is already visited.
So again, I'll get to that edge.
So what are these radius guys?
These red edges are called back edges.
What is the package?
And as we're just pointing backwards, so from one, I go to two.
Okay, let me open this.
Electricity is back.
Right.
Good.
So.
So what?
A package.
This guy's an edge, which is pointing backwards.
So from one I wonder to from 2 to 3.
And again, there's an edge.
But just taking me backwards to one because one is already visited.
So it was somewhere backwards.
So that's why it's called a back edge.
It is it is an edge which will take me back, which is pointing back to we have a back is there and
then we have a back here from 7 to 4.
So, guys, no matter.
From which location you start your DFS, no matter which location you start your DFS, you will always
face fierce back edges.
If there is a single integral, right?
So as we can notice, as we can see that we will only phase back edges if there's a circle in the graph.
So if there's no cycling aggregates, then we cannot place packages.
They will simply keep on performing at DFS.
There will be no entries.
You'll be taking us backwards.
All the ads will be taking us forward only to the new nodes.
Hey, if it's a tree, then we don't have to bow.
We don't get back ages.
But if we have a package, that means there's a circle in my graph.
Even a single package means that these are recycling the group rate because there are two parts from
1 to 3.
That is from I go from 1 to 3 and then from 3 to 1 using the package.
Right.
So if I remove these packages from my graph, let's remove these packages.
From this graph, from this first traversal, what does this become, guys?
It becomes too late.
So this is a G if I remove the back edges because I'm not reversing on these back edges.
Right.
So it is called a DFC.
If I perform at the first edge on a graph and I get to the resulting, that I get is a tree.
Okay.
What is the resultant content?
It contains all the nodes and edges which have been traversing the deposit.
The edges, which does not mean there wasn't a deficit.
I called back edges and which and then not included in my DFC.
So what we can do here is we can start out this same DFS from some of the newer rates and it start it
from four.
So let's say Ford.
From Ford, I go to five.
From 5 to 6, six I go to seven and from seven I cannot go to four because four is already visited.
So what we have got here, we have got the baggage clearance and then I cannot go to four.
So from seven, I come back to six, come back to five, come back to four.
And then I go to two.
I go on two.
So let's move this site two.
Then I go to three, and from three I go to one.
Now from one guy, there is this ad which is pointing to Bain.
So if an ad is pointing backwards, that means it is already pointing to a visitor note.
Then it's a baggage.
I won't be traversing this particular edge style market.
So from one, I'll come back to three.
Come back two to come back to four and go back.
Right.
So this is a again, we can see that this is a DFS treat.
This is a brief history and as you can see, name without back ages.
It is a day of history.
So every graph has a day of history.
They not only one be eviscerated completely depends on us.
And then we start from the node number one or we start from new number four and or number five, whatever
they are.
We will always have a unique BFC made for each of the traverses c.
There can be this second DFC also.
That is it from one if I go to three instead of going to iterate.
So I now you come to two.
Now let's say I go to four, I go to seven, I go to six, I go to five.
Now this is another D of history where the packages are one and two and four, then fight.
So I hope we are getting the point here is that they can leverage the DFT.
You can perform the first search in any way you want.
We already to that in detail in the previous sections.
Right.
So the edges which are left are called back edges and these edges will be used.
So what are their definition of a package?
What does a package do?
Package is any edge, which is.
Beckett denotes.
Cycling McGruff.
Right.
So you will not have a because they're doing the right no circle in the street.
So back as you noted, there's a cycle in the graph whose.
And cool.
So in the next video I'll be posting this out how to find packages and how to use them too.
And after that, we will work a little on taking action on it.
Although it's already been covered.
But in this election, we will work according to our to finding our articulation, points and bridges.
So we will learn some new tricks and techniques to discover sectors in the graphs.
And then we will move on to articulation points on bridges.
And then we will try printing outside using the graph to do the cycle in the graph, print one, print
the whole cycle.
So there are some good questions coming up.
And stay tuned.
Thank you for listening.